Align PSA Endorsements Draft to CoRIM V7 (#7)
thomas-fossati/corim-psa: draft-fdb-rats-psa-endorsements.md

compares Reference Values against the values found in the Software Components
of the PSA token (see {{Section 3.4.1 of PSA-TOKEN}}).

Each measurement is encoded in a `measurement-map` of a CoMID `reference-triple-record`.
Since a `measurement-map` can encode one or more measurements, a single `reference-triple-record`
can carry as many measurements as needed, provided they belong to the same PSA RoT identified
in the subject of the triple.

> A single `reference-triple-record` MUST completely describe the PSA RoT measurements.

Reviewer: So... this is good?

> A single `reference-triple-record` MUST completely describe the PSA RoT measurements.

Reviewer 2: > So... this is good?

Unsure… Implementation-wise is great.  I am not sure it’s realistic, though.

A Certification Claim is encoded as a `conditional-endorsement-triple-record`.

The SAC is encoded in a `psa-cert-num` that extends the
`measurement-values-map`: See {{ex-cert-triple}} below

~~~
{::include psa-ext/cert-triple.cddl}
~~~
{: #ex-cert-triple title="Example Certification Triple"}

The `conditional-endorsement-triple-record` is constructed as follows:

* The Implementation ID of the immutable PSA RoT to which the SAC applies is encoded as a `tagged-bytes` in the `environment-map` of the
`stateful-environment-record`; as shown in  {{cddl-impl-id}}
* Any software component that is part of the certified PSA RoT is encoded as a reference value (see {{sec-ref-values}}) in the `measurement-map` of the `stateful-environment-record`;

> * The unique SAC Certificate Number is encoded as `psa-cert-num` in the `measurement-values-map`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The unique SAC Certificate Number is encoded as `psa-cert-num` (key 100) in the `measurement-values-map`.
```

~~~

An example of a security critical update involving versions "1.2.5" and "1.3.0"

> of software component "PRoT" within the target environment associated withAdd commentMore actions

Reviewer 2: remove randomness (part 2)
```suggestion
of software component "PRoT" within the target environment associated with
```
